feature: (doc) create documentation for new sendConfirmationEmailDelegate (#5879)
infonl/dimpact-zaakafhandelcomponent: docs/manuals/bpmn-guide/README.md

   * resuming
   * extending
* Send email

> * Send automatische ontvangstbevestiging

Author: Will not apply. Is not a subheading and is improved in the file

}
```

> ### Send automatische ontvangstbevestiging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send confirmation email (automatische ontvangstbevestiging)
```

Author: Applied!

> #### Send automatische ontvangstbevestiging

Author: Applied

> To automatically send a confirmation email to the zaak initiator or zaak-specific contact:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a confirmation email to the zaak initiator or zaak-specific contact email address from a BPMN process:
```

* create a service task
* set class `nl.info.zac.flowable.bpmn.delegate.SendConfirmationEmailDelegate`

> * add fields:

Author: False comment. Directory exists

  * `from` - the sender's email address
  * `replyTo` - the reply-to email address (optional)

>   * `template` - the name of the mail template to use

Author: Applied

Unlike `SendEmailDelegate`, the recipient address is resolved automatically from the zaak:
1. The email address from the zaak-specific contact details is used if available.

> 2. Otherwise, the email address of the zaak's initiator role is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Otherwise, the default email address of the initiator of zaak is used. Or if the initiator does not have a default email address, the first email address of the initiator is used.
```

> 3. If no address can be found, no email is sent and the process continues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If no email address could be found, no email is sent and the process continues.
```

And do we log something in this case or not? I guess not, because we normally only log exceptions and not normal behavior in ZAC (but we do make exceptions). In any case, good to mention that here. E.g. "This is not logged."

Author: Applied

> The email is stored as a document on the zaak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The email is stored as a document attached to the zaak.
```

Author: Applied
